Changes need:

Institution:

1. This one is update teacher in institution part and here "Class Name" replace by "Books Group" and "Subject Name" replace by "Books Name" and also combo box value not showing
2. In this view teacher here also need to show books group & Books name where is show only Subject Name
3. Here Institution part ID will be omit here.
4. Teacher Info here ID value will be show "SL" field I pass in the API newly. not showing this value
5. In the institution edit option there is also replace like the region we set ... here not showing region and only showing one combo box snd also update is not working.

Product Receipt:

1. View is show like the add receipt, it shows like the following:
    Receipt ref. No: 
	Receipt Date: DD-MM-YYYY
	Binding Party:
	Print Edition:
	Challan Number:
	Challan Image: show the file & click here to download
	Production Order Qty:
	
	Product Details part you need to set:
	"ID" value from the API where I passing here "SL" value
	Product Info:
	Qty & Rate value both will be omit and set here to show value from the field: RateValue from the API.
	
2. Receipt add system also show red mark which product are not yet add here we add in API
   "DetailsStatus": "True" field for the status as like Institution.
3. Product Delete also not working.

Sales Order:

1. Order add system also show red mark which product are not yet add here we add in API
   "DetailsStatus": "True" field for the status as like Institution.  
   Product Details part you need to set:
	"ID" value from the API where I passing here "SL" value
	Order Info:
	Qty value both will be omit and set here to show value from the field: RateValue from the API.
2. Order View 
    View is show like the following:
    Sales Order No:  (see this order number 2nd line 4) it should be one line.
	Order Date: DD-MM-YYYY
	Binding Party: (Party Name replace to "Binding Party)
	Total Amount: 
	User Name: Not showing user Name 
	Status:
	App Status:
	
	Specimen View 
    View is show like the following:
	ID - Need to omit here
    Specimen Order No:  (see this order number 2nd line 4) it should be one line.
	Order Date: DD-MM-YYYY
	User/Party Name: (Party Name replace to "User/Party Name")
	Total Amount: 
	User Name: 
	Status:
	App Status:
	
3. Product Delete - is working but when delete then its goto previouse page. we need to stay same page as like add product details.
4. Order/Specimen Edit is not working as well as not showing text color its shows white.

	
	
   

